# Enhancing-Robustness-and-Resilience-of-Multiplex-Networks-Against-Node-Community-Cascading-Failures
This program is used to calculate simulated data and theoretical value data in related papers. "Main_ComputeRob" computes the attack/recovery robustness of different multi-networks without/with node protection strategy. "Main_PercolationTheoryFormulation" Calculates the theoretical curve of NCFs and NCCFs.

We study the robustness and resilience of multiplex networks in the presence of cascading failures caused by coupling node relationships and community structures. More specifically, when a multiplex network suffers from node damage, the coupling node relationships can trigger NCFs, while the node failures in community structures can further cause community failures. The cascading of NCFs and community failures makes the network more vulnerable to unpredictable damage. To understand the ability of a multiplex network to resist damage, we evaluate its robustness and resilience during attacks and recoveries, respectively, and further provide some theoretical analyses of the fragility of multiplex networks. Moreover, to improve network robustness and resilience, we first model the situation as a cost-aware robustness (or resilience) optimization problem, and then adopt a node protection strategy to protect a set of influential nodes from damages and failures. However, identifying influential nodes in this context is a challenging task as the number of possible solutions increases exponentially with the node and layer sizes of networks. The simulated annealing (SA) algorithm is an adaptation of the Metropolis–Hastings Monte Carlo algorithm, and it has been widely utilized to solve combinational optimization problems (like node robustness optimization, network alignment, and three-dimensional structural transition) in complex networks. Hence, we devise a degree-based SA in order to find an optimal set of influential nodes. 
